[pulsing music playing]
♪ ♪
[narrator] You look like somebody
who understands the value of freedom.
That feeling you get in space,
out there where it seems like
nothing can stop you.
Open, endless.
Once we broke light speed,
the galaxy was there for the taking.
Some people call it "The Big Empty."
Those people tend to die.
Space is not empty.
And once you cross light speed,
you're flying at a prediction
of the universe.
It can go wrong real fast.
[rapid beeping]
[funky music playing]
Rogue radiation.
Tiny pieces of space debris.
A simple navigation error
that leaves you floating through the void.
Forever.
And then, there's the Tempest,
a galaxy-sundering storm
that devours everything in its path.
All that danger's where
the Guild saw a market.
The Guild owned the maps,
so the Guild owned the routes.
So if you wanted to travel in space,
the Guild owned you.
Just one of those routes
would make you rich.
For pirates and smugglers,
for Freegunners,
a safe black market path
to somewhere light-years away
meant getting away with anything.
But that's the hard part, isn't it?
- [muffled shouting]
- Getting away with it.
[suspenseful music playing]
[distorted chatter]
[lights buzzing]
See that she survives.
Somebody gave her this chip.
I intend to convince her to tell me who.
[whirring]
[muffled shouting]
- Get on with it!
- [doctor] Please,
uh, let me at least loosen the cuff
- where we're operating.
- Cassidy Taimak's escaped
from hard prisons on a dozen worlds.
- The shackles remain.
- Okay, okay, okay. Uh...
If she's gonna have the cuffs on,
you need to raise her arms.
Up, like this.
[grunts]
[device whirring]
[whistling]
Hey, there, little buddy.
Did somebody forget about you?
[Kai over comm] Sniper's always hoping
you forget about him.
Wasn't talking to you, was I?
The hell are you doing?
Put that thing down.
Till the captain's back and safe,
I'll take all the luck I can get.
- They said the children's wing
was on this floor?
- [guard] Whoa, whoa, you can't be here.
- This floor is closed.
- Back on the elevator.
- [suspenseful music playing]
- Hey, freak show, back on the elevator.
Here we go.
We're gonna be so rich.
[device whirring]
- Ready.
What?
[Smokes] It worked. Hang on, Captain.
- Like I have a choice.
- [yells]
Three years and this is the plan?
- Isn't it great?
- [Smokes] We missed you, Captain.
- Let's go. Clip in.
- Whoa. That is a long way down.
Go. I'll be right behind you.
No, you don't.
- Cass!
- [Smokes] No!
- My money!
- [narrator] I think I mentioned
that getting away with it
is the hard part?
As such, any crew worth their salt
usually has a pretty good
contingency plan.
[quirky music playing]
New plan. Run for the ship!
Freegunner scum!
[shouts]
Kill that thing!
You killed our captain.
It's blaze of glory time.
[exciting music playing]
- Seal all exits.
- Yes, sir! Sealing exits.
Get a team on the street.
I want Taimak's corpse.
[Smokes] Come on.
This getaway pilot better be good.
Still got a good feeling about this?
They say Julius is amazing.
Always on, always ready.
Total focus on the job.
[guru over headphones] You are amazing.
You are always on.
You are always ready.
- [Kai] Start her up!
- You have total focus on the job.
[panting] There's a whole battalion
on our ass.
We got to get out of here.
Then let's get out of here.
Wait. Wait.
The others aren't here yet.
[Julius] It's a slow ramp.
You coming or not?
- [sirens wailing]
- Those sirens are getting louder.
[suspenseful music playing]
Kai, were you ditching us again?
Come on, come on, get up here.
- [Smokes] What are you doing?
Are you leaving?
- [Sladie] Never trust a sniper.
- You were gonna leave.
- [Kai] It's a getaway.
Yeah, without us.
Just warming up the engines. Come on.
[grunting]
What? For luck.
[exciting music playing]
- [can pops open]
- [Rade] Sorry, Cap.
We tried.
- We failed.
- Looked like you were gonna leave us.
Well, at least we're alive.
But without the money.
We didn't even get the captain's corpse.
- Oh, you didn't--
- What?
If we had at least gotten her arm,
we could've cashed in the chip.
- Oh, you're sick, Kai.
- What the hell kind of cable
was that, Rade?
Whoa, whoa, don't put that on me, Smokes.
You were right there.
- Nobody cares about a cable.
- [Smokes] We got no pay
and no way out of here.
[Kai] Why are we even
talking about a cable?
I mean, what about the bounty?
At least I did my part of the job.
- It was a pretty shaky plan.
- It was a good plan.
If the cable held.
Or if we had better cover fire.
- More cover fire? I hit everything I--
- [Julius] Hey. Guys.
I'm a hostage. They grabbed me.
Forced me to fly.
At gunpoint?
- Is that why you're flying my ship?
- [Smokes] Captain.
- You're alive.
- You get the score?
How did you survive that drop?
Lucky landing, in a truck bed of Yahbi.
- Did you get the score?
- Maybe get that out of my face.
Maybe tell me who you are
- and what you're doing on my ship.
- [Kai] Does nobody hear me talking?
- I'm Julius. Captain--
- Pilot. Getaway pilot.
You were rescuing the best pilot
this side of the Tempest.
- Why would you need another one?
- Cassidy!
Did you get the score?
I swear, if we did all this for nothing,
I'll space you.
You are gonna space me?
[suspenseful music playing]
- Maybe collect that bounty.
- Cass. Cass.
Hey, if we're not here for the money,
then what the hell are we doing here,
all right?
And yeah, I got the route.
- [Kai] Yes!
- [others] Yes!
I never doubted you for a second, Captain!
[laughter]
- [whooping, cheering]
- [hopeful music playing]
[exhales] Gets me every time.
[chuckles softly]
New guy, batten the hatches
and cozy us up to the Tempest.
Buy us some privacy
while they cut this thing out of me.
[narrator] They set anchor
right in front of the Tempest,
figuring nobody'd be crazy enough
to follow 'em even close to the thing.
They were expecting a valuable map,
but what they got...
It was every single Guild trade route.
It meant safe passage anywhere,
the whole galaxy theirs for the taking.
They'd be rich. They'd be free!
They'd be legends.
And when the Guild came after them,
they did it with commensurate force.
- [all grunting]
- [gasps]
- [alert beeping]
- All right. What are we looking at?
A whole lot to shoot at.
Rade, find us a route.
Julius, prep for superlight.
Can't believe what I'm looking at.
We could go anywhere in the galaxy.
Then go anywhere else
in the galaxy, please.
- I got it, sending it to the console. Go.
- [Cassidy] Beautiful. Everybody, strap in.
Julius, break off that fin
and swing her around.
Can we steer with just three fins?
- No problem. Let's go.
- Whoa!
[rumbling]
And what about just one?
[grunts] And no fins?
[groans]
[Julius] We can't steer the ship.
We're pointed at the Tempest
with the whole Guild Armada behind us
and we can't steer the ship?
- We're gonna die.
- [Cassidy] Out of my way.
We can figure this out.
Right. Smokes, reroute all power
to our other engines.
Rade, prep patch kits.
- I want those turrets ready
to cover our six.
- [panting] We're gonna die.
- [Rade] On it.
- [Cassidy] Kai, Sladie,
shoot off all but our starboard fin.
- We're gonna die.
- [Kai] I'm on it, Captain.
- [giggles]
- What're you smiling at?
It's blaze of glory time.
[Cassidy] We're gonna burn
our starboard engine hard.
It will swing us around just enough
before it breaks off the fin.
Then we can punch superlight as soon as...
[panting] pointed away from...
Is anyone else feeling...?
[gasps, grunts]
[heavy breathing]
[Callosian Officer over comms]
I want Cassidy Taimak.
[Julius] Oh, she's all yours.
I don't need the trouble.
I want the trade routes,
and I want to know who gave them to her.
Put her and the chip in a suit,
and throw her out the airlock.
Or we come in,
kill everybody and take her.
Your choice.
Sixty seconds.
Oh, I don't need a minute.
It's her or us.
[coughs] Ask him about the bounty.
The price on Cassidy's head.
Kai, what the hell are you doing?
Hey, Guild rules. Not mine.
There is a bounty. In this amount.
- [all gasp]
- [Smokes] How much is it?
- I've never seen a bounty that big.
- Everybody's in, right?
Rich and alive, better than poor and dead.
- Really? You're gonna sell your captain?
- [Kai] Come on.
Let's not make it
about more than business.
You want everybody to die? For you?
You know, if that's who I'm riding with,
then, just-just throw me out
the airlock already.
New guy, suit me up and throw me out.
You heard. She'll be right over.
[scoffs]
[Cassidy] Come on.
It's a trap, new guy.
You really think you can
overpower Cassidy Taimak
and stuff her into a space suit
all on your own?
I'll help.
I want to live.
And I want a cut of that bounty.
Come on, quick, before I lose my nerve.
[both grunt]
Actually, leave that one.
I don't want to get sucked out
into the void.
[Implacable] Warning.
Decompression imminent.
[alarm blaring]
[tense music playing]
[screams]
[grunts]
[panting]
Some things are worth too much to sell.
[gentle music playing]
[chuckles softly]
Man, we got every escape route
in the galaxy and can't use 'em.
Yeah, we can.
"Some things are worth too much to sell."
[dramatic music playing]
Freegunners,
this is Cassidy Taimak...
...captain of the Implacable.
This one's on me and the crew.
That file coming across the Pirate Net
is the complete Guild trade routes.
Those coordinates are
safe passage for superlight travel
anywhere in the galaxy.
We just turned
a billion-coin fortune into nothing.
No more taxes. No more permits.
No permission needed.
It's open season on the Guild.
- The skies are free!
- Fire!
Take the money and run.
[wistful music playing]
♪ ♪
[brigand] Whether they made it's
not the point.
Point was, they never got caught.
[roustabout] Ah, they didn't make it out.
Nobody makes it out of the Tempest.
[brigand] You sure about that?
Then what's this?
[Lennox] No. Can't be.
No way that's genuine.
[brigand] Cross my heart.
This thing is priceless!
[chuckles] Says so right there.
- [Lennox] Ah, let me have a look.
- [brigand] Ah-ah-ah-ah.
Look, but don't touch.
Don't want to wear off the luck.
[Lennox] I could use a little luck
right about now.
[roustabout] Ah, come on, it's a fake.
[brigand] You calling me a liar?
[clamoring]
[Lennox] Spitz, come on, we just got here.
[quirky music playing]
[exciting music playing]
[wistful music playing]